Starting documentation (#5)
Tom32i/content: doc/supported-formats.md

# Supported formats

> Content supports many formats out of the box and you can add suport for any format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content supports many formats out of the box and you can add support for any format.
```

## Mardown

The Mardown format allow classic semantic writing, good for blog posts.

Markdown source files will be decoded into HTML and passed as a `content` property for denormalization.

> An optional YAML formated header can be provided at the begining of the file to define a list of custom properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional YAML formatted header can be provided at the beginning of the file to define a list of custom properties.
```

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>Lorem Ipsum</title>
    <meta name="date" content="2019-05-25">
    <meta name="language" content="en">
    <meta name="description" content="Understanding the difference between `const` and `let`.">
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet</h1>

    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. <span class="custom">Donec egestas odio vitae sapien pharetra posuere.</span> Aliquam pellentesque tortor hendrerit, tempor augue ut, vulputate libero. Nullam a lobortis nibh. Donec ac molestie tellus. Duis ac elit a odio sodales interdum. Cras venenatis augue sit amet lacinia ultrices. Duis gravida ac elit quis auctor.</p>

    <ul id="toto">
        <li>Lorem</li>
        <li class="important">Ipsum</li>
        <li>Dolor</li>
    </ul>
</body>
```

- The `<title>` is parsed as `title` property.
- The `<meta>` tags allow to define custom properties.
- The `<body>` will be passed as a `content` property.

## YAML

The YAML format is usefull for simple straightforward key/value contents:

```yaml
username: ogizanagi
name: Maxime Steinhausser

> status: awesome

Reviewer: Merci, merci 😎
